feat: Add doc (#39)
wonderflow-bv/design: pages/develop/components/stack.mdx

import { MdxLayout } from "@/components/layouts/mdx";
import { LiveArea } from "@/components/live-area";
import { Props } from "@/components/props";
import { Stack, Button, Select, Snackbar } from "@wonderflow/react-components";

export default ({ children }) => (
  <MdxLayout title="Stack" description="Elements placing and spacing made easy">
    {children}
  </MdxLayout>
);

```js
import { Stack } from "@wonderflow/react-components";
```

> The `Stack` an utility component that helps with the box modeling and layouts. Based on flexbox it allow content to be spaced and positioned along a single axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Stack` is a utility component that helps with the box modeling and layouts. Based on flexbox it allows content to be spaced and positioned along a single axis.
```

## Usage

If you need to place or add space between elements this component comes with handy props that make your life easier. Check this example:

<LiveArea fill>
  <Stack columnGap={8} direction="row" fill={false}>
    <Select>
      <option value="1">Option 1</option>
      <option value="2">Option 2</option>
      <option value="3">Option 3</option>
    </Select>
    <Button>Confirm</Button>
  </Stack>
</LiveArea>

```jsx
<Stack columnGap={8} direction="row" fill={false}>
  <Select>
    <option value="1">Option 1</option>
    <option value="2">Option 2</option>
    <option value="3">Option 3</option>
  </Select>
  <Button>Confirm</Button>
</Stack>
```

> You can change the vertical and horizontal alignment too. Here the same example code as above but with the alignment properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the vertical and horizontal alignment too. Here is the same example code as above but with the alignment properties:
```
